Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will talk about the architecture of our project in this course, we
will create a new project like online book shopping application.
When I say online book shopping application, we can think of it like that.
We will have a booklist page.
Somehow users or customers will see these book lists and they can buy one of them.
Of course, at the end of it, these purchase will be stored and displayed later.
And we will implement this project using Spring-boot, Angular and PostgreSQL.
In our project, we will implement CRUD operations.
These CRUD operations will be for users and books.
We will use users for user sign in, sign up and authorization operations, and we will use the books
for creating editing, deleting books, operations.
These CRUD operations will be requested from Angular, so on the back, we will create an infrastructure
for these CRUUD operations and on the front end we will serve them with the user interface.
Our project goes on with user and book operations.
Our main operations will be user login, register, booklist, create book, deleting book, etc..
Also, we will go along with the role based application so we will use different roles like admin users,
etc. Then we will provide different authorizations to these users according to the roles, and these all
things will be provided with a secure way in both Angular and Spring.
But we will have two main components to implement our project.
These are server side and client site in server side.
Of course, here our main library will be Spring, but we will implement the whole infrastructure on
the backend with this spring.
But it will provide easy and fast configuration to us.
We will implement the module, will control the architecture on our project.
Spring security will be one of the main topics in our application.
Also, we will use JWT to provide security in Spring-boot.
Data will be presented to the client as an API call.
So Spring rest controller will be used to handle it.
We will use PostgreSQL as database.
We can use other databases also.
But at the end of it, we will deploy our course to Heroku.
PostgreSQL can be used on Heroku for free, so we chose that.
We will also use object relational mapping with Java Persistance API and hibernate.
You know, we can map our database tables to objects with hibernate.
We will use JPA repository and CRUD repository in spring put.
So these repository templates will handle common database operations like save update, find by idea,
delete by Id, etc..
We simply put, we will also use Lombok Library to clear code.
You know that we don't want to implement GetSet of equals and hash quote so we can escape it using Lombok
data or really annotations or other annotations.
In Lombok, we will use Gradle to handle all dependencies on the server side for all services.
We will create cloud deployment with Heroku.
It is an amazing free framework.
We can deploy our spring-boot projects with some configuration or GitHub easily.
So at the end of the course we will have an application on production and we will have a code on GitHub
that is accessible by everyone.
That's all about server side.
Let's talk about client side.
We will create an angular application on the client site and it will provide a cool user interface.
So we will create some page like homepage, admin, dashboard, login page and register page, etc.
Then we will assign the server APIs to these pages and we will consume and produce the data from the
user interface easily and user friendly.
On angular, he will also implement the model we've controlled the architecture, we will use the cool
features of TypeScript, etc. At the end of it, we will build it and we will serve it to Heroku also.
So at the end of the course, we will have a live application on production.
Last but not least, we will implement security and authorization on angular.
Also, we will work with different roles and according to the these roles, we will implement an and
not found pages on the user interface.
Also, we will see the details of them one by one. For now, that's all.
Thank you.